Hello, hello, and welcome to another
update video on Bitcoin. So, yeah, we
see another pullback. Not really much of
a surprise here because uh first of all,
you have to expect volatility obviously
on Fed day and then again, you know, the
38.2 retracement, it continues to be a
strong resistance level. So, also here,
not a surprise that we get a rejection.
Also remember what we said the move to
the upside from the 21st of November low
is likely only a corrective move up
nothing impulsive. Okay. So the idea is
that it is naturally difficult for the
market to move higher and because we
already reached resistance we basically
can form a local top at any point and
break down towards 70K. Hold on 70k in a
fifth wave. That's still the main
thesis, right? that this move to the
upside is a fourth wave. So everything I
say needs to be uh seen in this light
obviously. So I do not expect an upside
breakout from here yet. um even though
it's possible but price action today
again tells me that there's nothing
wrong with my analysis and I just can
there's nothing that I need to do to you
know nothing needs to change here right
um now obviously okay it could be
something more bullish we talked about
all that right it can always turn into a
larger diagonal pattern or something
like the yellow scenario but um until we
actually get five waves up this is this
is simply speculative now what do we see
here you know what's going on. Well,
earlier today in the last video update,
I think you know we talked about it.
This here was a fivewave move down,
right? A fivewave move down. So, with a
fivewave move down, guys, it is always
probable that we come down again or at
least, you know, um we have to be more
skeptical about an upside breakout.
Um market tried but could not break
above this swing high here from the 9th
and so is now just coming down. And we
talked about this potential already. And
the idea was if upper support breaks
which was support here for 1 2 3 4 5. So
an internal fourth wave which again the
pullback suggests that this is five
down. So not really high quality uh
setup for higher prices. Um with a
fivewave move down and a three-wave move
up. you know, we basically broke below
upper support and we're now coming down
into that previous support that was
already tested on the 5th of December on
the 7th of December and we're likely
going to test it once more. Well, right
now um maybe in a few hours we're going
to approach we are already approaching
that support area. It's between $85,988
and $88,912.
Now, I currently simply view this all as
an extension still of the wave 4. So,
this could be an Awave down, Bwave up,
C-wave down. The Cwave should be five
waves. 1 2 3 4 5. And I would expect the
88,144
level to be reached. That is the 100%
Fibonacci extension. That's an ideal
target for this C-wave to the downside.
Um and uh yeah, you know, this C-wave
should form complete the third wave,
then form a lower high and a lower low.
And I mean, maybe we go a little lower
than 88,144,
but as long as we're holding 85,988,
the 78.6 retracement. I'm going to watch
for one more extension in the C-wave. It
can still happen. It can still happen.
Okay, it could have happened today, but
obviously with that fivewave decline, it
was already an early indication that we
won't make it. Um, still obviously we're
on a very small time frame, so market
the market can always do it. Um, but
it's about being aware of the micro
structures. That's why we do the work
every single day, right? That's why we
do the work. So um to understand what is
within you know pro reasonable
probabilities and um that gives you a
support area. Now I have to say if we
break below 85,988
then it will be the first actual
indication that um that that Roman wave
four already topped even though it looks
a bit incomplete to the upside but it's
absolutely possible. Yeah, we could we
could make that work. But I got to say,
many charts show the possibility of um
just another test of support like
Bitcoin is doing it right now in a
so-called flat correction before then
going higher. That's the update on
Bitcoin. Hope you like the update. If
you did, please hit the like button,
leave a comment, and subscribe. And if
you're interested in additional updates,
then I recommend that you check out our
X channel as well for additional charts,
updates, news, and much more. I put the
link in the comment section for you.
Here's some exclusive updates, video
updates, and much more. Thanks so much.
Bye-bye.